Document module import methods (#19)
holepunchto/bare-module: README.md

Unloads the module.

### CommonJS Import Methods

#### `require(specifier, options = {})`

> Used to import modules, JSON and local files. Relative paths (e.g. `./`, `./foo`, `./bar/baz`, `../foo`) will be resolved against the directory named by `__dirname` (if defined) or the current working directory. The relative paths of POSIX style are resolved in an OS independent fashion, meaning that the examples above will work on Windows in the same way they would on Unix systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to import JavaScript or JSON modules and local files. Relative paths such as `./`, `./foo`, `./bar/baz`, and `../foo` will be resolved against the directory named by `__dirname`. POSIX style paths are resolved in an OS independent fashion, meaning that the examples above will work on Windows in the same way they would on POSIX systems.
```

Author: @kasperisager a nitpick regarding:
> in the same way they would on _POSIX_ systems.

Since this sentence is contrasting operating systems (Windows vs Unix), I think it makes sense to leave it as 'Unix' instead of changing to 'POSIX'. The rest of the suggestions makes sense to me.

Reviewer: Unix is a very specific brand of operating systems and POSIX is a set of open standards that specify APIs for Unix-like systems. We should only ever reference the POSIX standards, not the Unix brand.

Reviewer: It's also why the `node:path`/`bare-path` API is `path.posix.sep` and `path.win32.sep`

Author: Ah, you want the emphasize that it works with either of the OS interfaces instead of giving examples of how it can be run on different OSs. Sounds good to me.

Returns the exported module contents.

> Options includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options include:
```

```js
options = {
  // The import attributes which instruct how the file or module should be loaded.
  // Possible values for `type` are `script`, `module`, `json`, `bundle`,
  // `addon`, `binary` and `text`.
  with: { type: 'json' }
}
```

#### `require.main`

The module representing the entry script where the program was launched. The same value as [`module.main`](#modulemain) for the current module.

#### `require.cache`

A cache of loaded modules for this module. The same value as `module.cache` for the current module.

> #### `require.addon(specifier = '.', parentURL = referrer.url)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `require.addon([specifier][, parentURL])`
```

Also used to import modules but specifically loads only addon modules. `specifier` is resolved relative to `parentURL` using the [addon resolution](https://github.com/holepunchto/bare-addon-resolve#algorithm) algorithm.

Returns the exported module contents.

> A common pattern for writing an addon module is to use `require.addon()` as the js module exports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common pattern for writing an addon module is to use `require.addon()` as the JavaScript module exports:
```

```js
module.exports = require.addon()
```

See [`bare-addon`](https://github.com/holepunchto/bare-addon) for a template of building native addon modules.

#### `require.addon.host`

Returns the string representation of the platform and architecture used when resolving addons with the pattern `<platform>-<arch>[-simulator]`. Returns the same value as `Bare.Addon.host`.

> #### `const path = require.addon.resolve(specifier = '.', parentURL = referrer.url)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `const path = require.addon.resolve([specifier][, parentURL])`
```

Resolve the `specifier` string relative to the URL `parentURL` as an addon and returns the path string. The `specifier` is resolved using the [addon resolution algorithm](https://github.com/holepunchto/bare-addon-resolve#algorithm).

> #### `const path = require.asset(specifier = '.', parentURL = referrer.url)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `const path = require.asset([specifier][, parentURL])`
```

Resolve the `specifier` relative to the `parentURL` and return the path of the asset as a string.

> Can be used to load assets, for example the following loads `./foo.txt` from the
> local files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can be used to load assets, for example the following loads `./foo.txt` from the local files:
```

```js
const fs = require('bare-fs')
const contents = fs.readFileSync(require.asset('./foo.txt'))
```

> ### ECMAScript Module Import Methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ECMAScript modules
```

#### `import defaultExport, * as name, { export1, export2 as alias2, ... } from 'specifier' with { type: 'json' }`

The static `import` declaration is used to import read-only live bindings that are exported by another module. The imported bindings are called _live_ bindings because they are updated by the module that exported the binding, but cannot be re-assigned by the importing module. In brief, you can import what is exported from another module.

For more information on `import` syntax, see [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import).

#### `import.meta.url`

The string representation of the URL for the current module.

#### `import.meta.main`

A boolean representing whether the current module is the entry script where the program was launched.

#### `import.meta.cache`

A cache of loaded modules for this module. The same value as `module.cache` for the current module.

> #### `const href = import.meta.resolve(specifier = '.', parentURL = referrer.url)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `const href = import.meta.resolve([specifier][, parentURL])`
```

A module-relative resolution function which returns the URL string for the module. The `specifier` is a string which is resolved relative to the `parentURL` which is a WHATWG URL.

> #### `import.meta.addon(specifier = '.', parentURL = referrer.url)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `import.meta.addon([specifier][, parentURL])`
```

Also used to import modules but specifically loads only addon modules. `specifier` is resolved relative to `parentURL` using the [addon resolution](https://github.com/holepunchto/bare-addon-resolve#algorithm) algorithm.

Returns the exported module contents.

#### `import.meta.addon.host`

Returns the string representation of the platform and architecture used when resolving addons with the pattern `<platform>-<arch>[-simulator]`. Returns the same value as `Bare.Addon.host`.

> #### `const href = import.meta.addon.resolve(specifier = '.', parentURL = referrer.url)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `const href = import.meta.addon.resolve([specifier][, parentURL])`
```

Resolve the `specifier` string relative to the URL `parentURL` as an addon and returns the URL string. The `specifier` is resolved using the [addon resolution algorithm](https://github.com/holepunchto/bare-addon-resolve#algorithm).

> #### `const href = import.meta.asset(specifier = '.', parentURL = referrer.url)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `const href = import.meta.asset([specifier][, parentURL])`
```
